README.md, before:

# LAB - 02

## About Me

I built a simple webpage that includes biographical information on myself and asks the user a series of questions. The user is greeted, asked the questions, and then thanked for participating.

### Author: Tom Sharkey

### Links and Resources

* [Github Repo](https://github.com/tbsharkey/About-Me)

### Lighthouse Accessibility Report Score

![Lighthouse report](/img/lighthouse-report.png)

### Reflections and Comments

This was a good exercise with Javascript reinforcing the basic concept of if statements. 

# LAB - 03

## About Me

Continuning on with this same repo I will be adding additional content for the third lab. The following user stories need to be implemented:

As a user, I would like to view a series of data related to the site owners interest so that the I can quickly view more information about them.
Create a “Top Ten” at the bottom of your HTML page as an ordered list in HTML. Some ideas that you can include could be top ten movies, top ten favorite places, or top ten places to visit. You may choose to do whatever top ten list that you wish.
Convert your work experience and education summary into an unordered list using HTML
As a user, I would like to be guided to an answer through a series of feedback responses so that I can learn more about the site owner.
Add a 6th question to the guessing game that takes in a numeric input by prompting the user to guess a number.
Indicates through an alert if the guess is “too high” or “too low”.
It should give the user exactly four opportunities to get the correct answer.
After all attempts have been exhausted, tell the user the correct answer. Consider using a loop of some sort.
As a user, I would like to guess the answer to a question that could have many possibilities so that I can have fun with with a guessing game.
Add a 7th question that has multiple possible correct answers that are stored in an array.
Give the user 6 attempts to guess the correct answer.
The guesses will end once the user guesses a correct answer or they run out of attempts.
Display all the possible correct answers to the user.
Consider using a loop of some sort for this question.
As a user, I would like to know my final score so that I can know how well I did.
Keep track of the total number of correct answers. At the end tell them how many they got correct out of the 7 questions asked.
Using Lighthouse in the Chrome DevTools, analyze the accessibility of your application.

Strive for a score between 50-65. Make necessary adjustments based on the report to achieve that score.
Add a screenshot of your score to your README.md file.

### Author: Tom Sharkey

### Links and Resources

* [Github Repo](https://github.com/tbsharkey/About-Me)

### Lighthouse Accessibility Report Score

![Lighthouse report](/img/lighthouse-report.png)

### Reflections and Comments

This was a good exercise with Javascript reinforcing the basic concept of if statements.

Commit message:

Updated html, css, and README

README.md, after:

# LAB - 02

## About Me

I built a simple webpage that includes biographical information on myself and asks the user a series of questions. The user is greeted, asked the questions, and then thanked for participating.

### Author: Tom Sharkey

### Links and Resources

* [Github Repo](https://github.com/tbsharkey/About-Me)

### Lighthouse Accessibility Report Score

![Lighthouse report](/img/lighthouse-report.png)

### Reflections and Comments

This was a good exercise with Javascript reinforcing the basic concept of if statements. 

# LAB - 03

## About Me

Continuning on with this same repo I will be adding additional content for the third lab. The following user stories need to be implemented:

As a user, I would like to view a series of data related to the site owners interest so that the I can quickly view more information about them.
Create a “Top Ten” at the bottom of your HTML page as an ordered list in HTML. Some ideas that you can include could be top ten movies, top ten favorite places, or top ten places to visit. You may choose to do whatever top ten list that you wish.

Convert your work experience and education summary into an unordered list using HTML
As a user, I would like to be guided to an answer through a series of feedback responses so that I can learn more about the site owner.
Add a 6th question to the guessing game that takes in a numeric input by prompting the user to guess a number.

Indicates through an alert if the guess is “too high” or “too low”.
It should give the user exactly four opportunities to get the correct answer.
After all attempts have been exhausted, tell the user the correct answer. Consider using a loop of some sort.

As a user, I would like to guess the answer to a question that could have many possibilities so that I can have fun with with a guessing game.
Add a 7th question that has multiple possible correct answers that are stored in an array.
Give the user 6 attempts to guess the correct answer.
The guesses will end once the user guesses a correct answer or they run out of attempts.
Display all the possible correct answers to the user.
Consider using a loop of some sort for this question.
As a user, I would like to know my final score so that I can know how well I did.
Keep track of the total number of correct answers. At the end tell them how many they got correct out of the 7 questions asked.
Using Lighthouse in the Chrome DevTools, analyze the accessibility of your application.

Strive for a score between 50-65. Make necessary adjustments based on the report to achieve that score.
Add a screenshot of your score to your README.md file.

### Author: Tom Sharkey

### Links and Resources

* [Github Repo](https://github.com/tbsharkey/About-Me)

### Lighthouse Accessibility Report Score

![Lighthouse report](/img/lighthouse-report2.png)

### Reflections and Comments

This was rather challenging in the use of loops and making everything work. I had to open a REPL sandbox as it took many expierments to get things where I wanted them to be. I made minimal changes to the html and CSS files.
